README.md, before:

# Azure Key Vault - Terraform Module

[devcontainer]: https://vscode.dev/redirect?url=vscode://ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers/cloneInVolume?url=https://github.com/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault
[registry]: https://registry.terraform.io/modules/aztfm/key-vault/azurerm/
[releases]: https://github.com/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault/releases

[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Terraform Registry](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-registry-blueviolet?logo=terraform&logoColor=white)][registry]
[![Dev Container](https://img.shields.io/badge/devcontainer-VSCode-blue?logo=linuxcontainers)][devcontainer]
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault)](LICENSE)
[![Last release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault)][releases]

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault?quickstart=1)

## :gear: Version compatibility

| Module version | Terraform version | AzureRM version |
| -------------- | ----------------- | --------------- |
| >= 2.x.x       | >= 1.3.x          | >= 3.69.0       |
| >= 1.x.x       | >= 0.13.x         | >= 2.34.0       |

## :memo: Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "rg" {
  name     = "resource-group"
  location = "Spain Central"
}

module "key_vault" {
  source              = "aztfm/key-vault/azurerm"
  version             = ">=2.0.0"
  name                = "key-vault"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.rg.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.rg.location
  sku_name            = "standard"
  tenant_id           = data.azurerm_client_config.current.tenant_id
  access_policies = [
    {
      object_id          = "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXX"
      secret_permissions = ["set","get","delete","purge","recover"]
    }
  ]
  secrets = [{ name = "secret-1", value = "text" }]
}
```

Reference to more [examples](https://github.com/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault/tree/main/examples).

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## :arrow_forward: Parameters

The following parameters are supported:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ----------- | :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|name|Specifies the name of the Key Vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|resource\_group\_name|The name of the resource group in which to create the Key Vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|location|The location/region where the Key Vault is created.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|tags|A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.|`map(string)`|`{}`|no|
|sku\_name|The Name of the SKU used for this Key Vault. Possible values are standard and premium.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|tenant\_id|The Azure Active Directory tenant ID that should be used for authenticating requests to the key vault.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|soft\_delete\_retention\_days|The number of days that items should be retained for once soft-deleted. This value can be between 7 and 90 days.|`number`|`90`|no|
|purge\_protection\_enabled|Is Purge Protection enabled for this Key Vault?|`bool`|`false`|no|
|enabled\_for\_deployment|Boolean flag to specify whether Azure Virtual Machines are permitted to retrieve certificates stored as secrets from the key vault.|`bool`|`false`|no|
|enabled\_for\_disk\_encryption|Boolean flag to specify whether Azure Disk Encryption is permitted to retrieve secrets from the vault and unwrap keys.|`bool`|`false`|no|
|enabled\_for\_template\_deployment|Boolean flag to specify whether Azure Resource Manager is permitted to retrieve secrets from the key vault.|`bool`|`false`|no|
|enable\_rbac\_authorization|Boolean flag to specify whether Azure Key Vault uses Role Based Access Control (RBAC) for authorization of data actions.|`bool`|`false`|no|
|access\_policies|List of objects that represent the configuration of each access policies.|`list(object({}))`|`[]`|no|
|keys|List of objects that represent the configuration of each key.|`list(object({}))`|`[]`|no|
|secrets|List of objects that represent the configuration of each secret.|`list(object({}))`|`[]`|no|
|contacts|List of objects that represent each contact.|`list(object({}))`|`[]`|no|

The `access_policies` supports the following:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ------------| :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|object\_id|The object ID of a user, service principal or security group in the Azure Active Directory tenant for the vault. The object ID must be unique for the list of access policies.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|application\_id|The object ID of an Application in Azure Active Directory.|`string`|`null`|no|
|key\_permissions|List of certificate permissions, must be one or more from the following: `Get`, `List`, `Update`, `Create`, `Import`, `Delete`, `Recover`, `Backup`, `Restore`, `Decrypt`, `Encrypt`, `UnwrapKey`, `WrapKey`, `Verify`, `Sign` and `Purge`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|no|
|secret\_permissions|List of key permissions, must be one or more from the following: `Get`, `List`, `Set`, `Delete`, `Recover`, `Backup`, `Restore` and `Purge`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|no|
|certificate\_permissions|List of certificate permissions, must be one or more from the following: `Get`, `List`, `Update`, `Create`, `Import`, `Delete`, `Recover`, `Backup`, `Restore`, `GetIssuers`, `SetIssuers`, `ListIssuers`, `DeleteIssuers`, `ManageContacts`, `ManageIssuers` and `Purge`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|no|
|storage\_permissions|List of storage permissions, must be one or more from the following: `Get`, `List`, `Update`, `Set`, `Delete`, `Recover`, `Backup`, `Restore`, `GetSAS`, `ListSAS`, `SetSAS`, `DeleteSAS`, `RegenerateKey` and `Purge`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|no|

The `keys` supports the following:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ------------| :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|name|Specifies the name of the Key Vault Key.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|key\_type|Specifies the Key Type to use for this Key Vault Key. Possible values are `EC` (Elliptic Curve), `EC-HSM`, `Oct` (Octet), `RSA` and `RSA-HSM`.|`number`|n/a|yes|
|key\_size|Specifies the Size of the RSA key to create in bytes. For example, 1024 or 2048. Note: This field is required if `key_type` is `RSA` or `RSA-HSM`.|`string`|`null`|no|
|curve|Specifies the curve to use when creating an `EC` key. Possible values are: `P-256`, `P-384`, `P-521` and `SECP256K1`.|`string`|`null`|no|
|key\_opts|A list of JSON web key operations. Possible values include: `decrypt`, `encrypt`, `sign`, `unwrapKey`, `verify` and `wrapKey`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|yes|
|not\_before\_date|Key not usable before the provided UTC datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').|`string`|`null`|no|
|expiration\_date|Expiration UTC datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').|`string`|`null`|no|

The `secrets` supports the following:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ------------| :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|name|Specifies the name of the Key Vault Secret.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|value|Specifies the value of the Key Vault Secret.|`string`|`null`|yes|
|content\_type|Specifies the content type for the Key Vault Secret.|`string`|`null`|no|
|not\_before\_date|Key not usable before the provided UTC datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').|`string`|`null`|no|
|expiration\_date|Expiration UTC datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').|`string`|`null`|yes|

The `contacts` supports the following:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ------------| :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|email|E-mail address of the contact.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|name|Name of the contact.|`string`|`null`|no|
|phone|Phone number of the contact.|`string`|`null`|no|

## :arrow_backward: Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

| Name | Description | Sensitive |
| ---- | ------------| :-------: |
|id|The virtual network configuration ID.|no|
|name|The name of the virtual network.|no|
|resource_group_name|The name of the resource group in which to create the virtual network.|no|
|location|The location/region where the virtual network is created.|no|
|tags|The tags assigned to the resource.|no|
|contacts|Blocks containing each contact.|no|
|access_policies|Blocks containing configuration of each access policy.|no|
|keys|Blocks containing configuration of each key.|no|
|secrets|Blocks containing configuration of each secret.|no|
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->

Commit message:

feat: public network access enabled (#18)

README.md, after:

# Azure Key Vault - Terraform Module

[devcontainer]: https://vscode.dev/redirect?url=vscode://ms-vscode-remote.remote-containers/cloneInVolume?url=https://github.com/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault
[registry]: https://registry.terraform.io/modules/aztfm/key-vault/azurerm/
[releases]: https://github.com/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault/releases

[![pre-commit](https://img.shields.io/badge/pre--commit-enabled-brightgreen?logo=pre-commit)](https://github.com/pre-commit/pre-commit)
[![Terraform Registry](https://img.shields.io/badge/terraform-registry-blueviolet?logo=terraform&logoColor=white)][registry]
[![Dev Container](https://img.shields.io/badge/devcontainer-VSCode-blue?logo=linuxcontainers)][devcontainer]
[![License](https://img.shields.io/github/license/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault)](LICENSE)
[![Last release](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault)][releases]

[![Open in GitHub Codespaces](https://github.com/codespaces/badge.svg)](https://codespaces.new/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault?quickstart=1)

## :gear: Version compatibility

| Module version | Terraform version | AzureRM version |
| -------------- | ----------------- | --------------- |
| >= 2.x.x       | >= 1.3.x          | >= 3.69.0       |
| >= 1.x.x       | >= 0.13.x         | >= 2.34.0       |

## :memo: Usage

```hcl
resource "azurerm_resource_group" "rg" {
  name     = "resource-group"
  location = "Spain Central"
}

module "key_vault" {
  source              = "aztfm/key-vault/azurerm"
  version             = ">=2.0.0"
  name                = "key-vault"
  resource_group_name = azurerm_resource_group.rg.name
  location            = azurerm_resource_group.rg.location
  sku_name            = "standard"
  tenant_id           = data.azurerm_client_config.current.tenant_id
  access_policies = [
    {
      object_id          = "XXXXXXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXXXXXXXXX"
      secret_permissions = ["set","get","delete","purge","recover"]
    }
  ]
  secrets = [{ name = "secret-1", value = "text" }]
}
```

Reference to more [examples](https://github.com/aztfm/terraform-azurerm-key-vault/tree/main/examples).

<!-- BEGIN_TF_DOCS -->
## :arrow_forward: Parameters

The following parameters are supported:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ----------- | :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|name|Specifies the name of the Key Vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|resource\_group\_name|The name of the resource group in which to create the Key Vault. Changing this forces a new resource to be created.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|location|The location/region where the Key Vault is created.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|tags|A mapping of tags to assign to the resource.|`map(string)`|`{}`|no|
|sku\_name|The Name of the SKU used for this Key Vault. Possible values are standard and premium.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|tenant\_id|The Azure Active Directory tenant ID that should be used for authenticating requests to the key vault.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|soft\_delete\_retention\_days|The number of days that items should be retained for once soft-deleted. This value can be between 7 and 90 days.|`number`|`90`|no|
|public\_network\_access\_enabled|Whether public network access is allowed for this Key Vault.|`bool`|`false`|no|
|purge\_protection\_enabled|Is Purge Protection enabled for this Key Vault?|`bool`|`false`|no|
|enabled\_for\_deployment|Boolean flag to specify whether Azure Virtual Machines are permitted to retrieve certificates stored as secrets from the key vault.|`bool`|`false`|no|
|enabled\_for\_disk\_encryption|Boolean flag to specify whether Azure Disk Encryption is permitted to retrieve secrets from the vault and unwrap keys.|`bool`|`false`|no|
|enabled\_for\_template\_deployment|Boolean flag to specify whether Azure Resource Manager is permitted to retrieve secrets from the key vault.|`bool`|`false`|no|
|enable\_rbac\_authorization|Boolean flag to specify whether Azure Key Vault uses Role Based Access Control (RBAC) for authorization of data actions.|`bool`|`false`|no|
|access\_policies|List of objects that represent the configuration of each access policies.|`list(object({}))`|`[]`|no|
|keys|List of objects that represent the configuration of each key.|`list(object({}))`|`[]`|no|
|secrets|List of objects that represent the configuration of each secret.|`list(object({}))`|`[]`|no|
|contacts|List of objects that represent each contact.|`list(object({}))`|`[]`|no|

The `access_policies` supports the following:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ------------| :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|object\_id|The object ID of a user, service principal or security group in the Azure Active Directory tenant for the vault. The object ID must be unique for the list of access policies.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|application\_id|The object ID of an Application in Azure Active Directory.|`string`|`null`|no|
|key\_permissions|List of certificate permissions, must be one or more from the following: `Get`, `List`, `Update`, `Create`, `Import`, `Delete`, `Recover`, `Backup`, `Restore`, `Decrypt`, `Encrypt`, `UnwrapKey`, `WrapKey`, `Verify`, `Sign` and `Purge`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|no|
|secret\_permissions|List of key permissions, must be one or more from the following: `Get`, `List`, `Set`, `Delete`, `Recover`, `Backup`, `Restore` and `Purge`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|no|
|certificate\_permissions|List of certificate permissions, must be one or more from the following: `Get`, `List`, `Update`, `Create`, `Import`, `Delete`, `Recover`, `Backup`, `Restore`, `GetIssuers`, `SetIssuers`, `ListIssuers`, `DeleteIssuers`, `ManageContacts`, `ManageIssuers` and `Purge`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|no|
|storage\_permissions|List of storage permissions, must be one or more from the following: `Get`, `List`, `Update`, `Set`, `Delete`, `Recover`, `Backup`, `Restore`, `GetSAS`, `ListSAS`, `SetSAS`, `DeleteSAS`, `RegenerateKey` and `Purge`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|no|

The `keys` supports the following:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ------------| :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|name|Specifies the name of the Key Vault Key.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|key\_type|Specifies the Key Type to use for this Key Vault Key. Possible values are `EC` (Elliptic Curve), `EC-HSM`, `Oct` (Octet), `RSA` and `RSA-HSM`.|`number`|n/a|yes|
|key\_size|Specifies the Size of the RSA key to create in bytes. For example, 1024 or 2048. Note: This field is required if `key_type` is `RSA` or `RSA-HSM`.|`string`|`null`|no|
|curve|Specifies the curve to use when creating an `EC` key. Possible values are: `P-256`, `P-384`, `P-521` and `SECP256K1`.|`string`|`null`|no|
|key\_opts|A list of JSON web key operations. Possible values include: `decrypt`, `encrypt`, `sign`, `unwrapKey`, `verify` and `wrapKey`.|`list(string)`|`[]`|yes|
|not\_before\_date|Key not usable before the provided UTC datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').|`string`|`null`|no|
|expiration\_date|Expiration UTC datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').|`string`|`null`|no|

The `secrets` supports the following:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ------------| :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|name|Specifies the name of the Key Vault Secret.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|value|Specifies the value of the Key Vault Secret.|`string`|`null`|yes|
|content\_type|Specifies the content type for the Key Vault Secret.|`string`|`null`|no|
|not\_before\_date|Key not usable before the provided UTC datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').|`string`|`null`|no|
|expiration\_date|Expiration UTC datetime (Y-m-d'T'H:M:S'Z').|`string`|`null`|yes|

The `contacts` supports the following:

| Name | Description | Type | Default | Required |
| ---- | ------------| :--: | :-----: | :------: |
|email|E-mail address of the contact.|`string`|n/a|yes|
|name|Name of the contact.|`string`|`null`|no|
|phone|Phone number of the contact.|`string`|`null`|no|

## :arrow_backward: Outputs

The following outputs are exported:

| Name | Description | Sensitive |
| ---- | ------------| :-------: |
|id|The virtual network configuration ID.|no|
|name|The name of the virtual network.|no|
|resource_group_name|The name of the resource group in which to create the virtual network.|no|
|location|The location/region where the virtual network is created.|no|
|tags|The tags assigned to the resource.|no|
|contacts|Blocks containing each contact.|no|
|access_policies|Blocks containing configuration of each access policy.|no|
|keys|Blocks containing configuration of each key.|no|
|secrets|Blocks containing configuration of each secret.|no|
<!-- END_TF_DOCS -->
